[Migration] Implement testing section and add two excel samples (#887)
OfficeDev/Office-Add-in-samples: Samples/excel-add-in-shape-dashboard/README.md

1. **Preview Your Office Add-in (F5)**

    Select **Preview Your Office Add-in(F5)** to launch the add-in and debug the code. In the drop down menu, select the option **Desktop (Edge Chromium)**.

    <img src="./assets/devkit_preview.png" width="500" alt="The 'Preview your Office Add-in' option in the Office Add-ins Development Kit's task pane."/>

    The extension checks that the prerequisites are met before debugging starts. The terminal will alert you to any issues with your environment. After this process, the Excel desktop application launches and opens a new workbook with the sample add-in sideloaded. The add-in automatically opens as well.

1. **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**

    Once you are finished testing and debugging the add-in, select **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in**. This closes the web server and removes the add-in from the registry and cache.

## Use the sample add-in

The add-in provides a task pane that gives users control over the sample data and shapes. Use the buttons to interact with the workbook.

> 1. Select the button **Add Sample data** to import some sample data.
> 2. Then a new table with content will be inserted into worksheet "Sample"

Reviewer: This is only one step for the user.
```suggestion
1. Select the button **Add sample data** to import some sample data. A data table is inserted into a new worksheet.
```

3. Select the button **Create Empty Dashboard**, it will use create some shapes whose content is empty to work as an empty dashboard.

> 4. Select the button **Add information to Dashboard** to analyze some information from sample data and write them into the shapes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Select the button **Add information to dashboard**. This analyzes some information from the table and adds the summaries to the shapes.
```

> 5. Select the button **Change information Format** to format the content in the shapes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Select the button **Change information format**. This applies text formatting to the shapes, making them easier to read.
```

## Explore sample files

These are the important files in the sample project.

```
| .eslintrc.json
| .gitignore
| .vscode/
|   | extensions.json
|   | launch.json               Launch and debug configurations
|   | settings.json             
|   | tasks.json                
| assets/                       Static assets, such as images
| babel.config.json
| manifest.xml                  Manifest file
| package.json                  
| README.md                     
| RUN_WITH_EXTENSION.md         
| src/                          Add-in source code
|   | taskpane/
|   |   | taskpane.css          Task pane style
|   |   | taskpane.html         Task pane entry HTML
|   |   | taskpane.ts           Office JS API calls and add-in logic
| webpack.config.js             Webpack config
```

## Troubleshooting

If you have problems running the sample, take the following steps.

- Close any open instances of Excel.
- Close the previous web server started for the sample with the **Stop Previewing Your Office Add-in** Office Add-ins Development Kit extension option.

> - Try running again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Try to run the sample again.
```
